[Music]
you know there are almost 200 countries
in the world
hey I've counted them and each one is
unique
some have legendary athletes other
places are home to animals that don't
live anywhere else some states have an
unusual geographic position and in
others people can enjoy 1500 varieties
of bread ready for a bunch of
eyeopener's well then close your eyes
and watch this wait a minute
open your eyes and watch yeah that's
better hydropower used to make up over
50% of all the power used in Sri Lanka
and even though it's around 20 percent
now it's still pretty impressive
this hydro powered electricity is
possible thanks to waterfalls rivers and
abundant rains in the country 75% of all
spices on the international market are
produced in India it makes the country
the world's leader in spice production
it exports 180 kinds of spices to over
160 countries Brazil has won the most
FIFA World Cups in history with five
victories so far this South American
country has a knack for producing
amazingly talented soccer players the
capital city of the Philippines Manila
and its 16 surrounding cities make up
Metro Manila this metropolitan area has
a population of almost 13 million people
during the daytime this number gets way
higher since many people come here to
work and well the number doesn't sound
all that crazy take note that 1.8
billion people live and work in the
capital city alone on an area of 15
square miles it makes the population
density
119 thousand people per square mile
that's way higher than in Mumbai or
Paris Nepal is a record holder of a
country it has the world's tallest
mountain the great and mighty Mount
Everest and the world's deepest gorge
kali gandaki if paul also has a super
high concentration of world heritage
sites within a ten-mile radius there are
seven of them it expects a wintry place
like Finland to hold the world's largest
Christmas tree record but the tallest
Christmas tree on the planet was
registered by the Guinness World Records
in Sri Lanka in 2017 it stood at 236
feet tall and was made from metal and
wood the so called tree was also
decorated with six hundred thousand LED
bulbs that lit up at night the
construction looked more like a
spaceship too many and cost the country
about eighty thousand dollars when you
travel along the trans-canada highway
and reach Quebec province pay attention
you may see the most cheerful town in
the world San Louie do haha yep just
like that with two Haws and two
exclamation marks the town even has a
Guinness world record for the most
exclamation marks in a town named
normally road signs give you precautions
or inform you about something but in
Australia some roads are so long and
boring people install signs to entertain
drivers these signs can contain images
of rich local fauna or trivia questions
they keep you alert which can save your
life in a fatigue zone more than 96% of
Romania's population owns a home which
is a pretty amazing figure it's actually
so amazing that Romania is number one in
the world for home ownership Pakistan
has a unique geographic location at the
crossroads of the Middle East Central
Asia China and South Asia the country
also boasts the second largest and one
of the oldest salt mines in the world
Mayo salt mine has over 300 million tons
of salt in its reserves Singapore Changi
Airport has been winning the world's
best airport title for seven years in a
row what's so special about this
transportation hub it might be the
butterfly orchid sunflower cactus and
water lily Gardens there or perhaps it's
the airport's rooftop pool the xbox360
station or the movie theater six dining
halls all specializing in different
cuisines countless gourmet restaurants
and the Hello Kitty orchid Garden Cafe
might also have contributed to the
victory around 89 million visitors set
foot on French soil every year that
makes France the most visited country in
the world Mongolia is the place to live
if you need a lot of personal space it's
one of the least populated countries on
the planet to be precise its population
density is just five people per square
mile this is mostly because of its
mountain ranges and the Gobi Desert
Canada is officially the most educated
country in the world with 56 percent of
its population having some kind of post
high school education degree the
federation of seven extremely rich
arabian emirates can boast not only
endless deserts and white sandy beaches
they've also got the tallest building in
the world the Burj Khalifa it houses the
second highest observation deck and has
an elevator with the longest travel
distance on the planet the Netherlands
is the country with the largest number
of bikes per capita the population of 17
million people has 22 point five million
bicycles the total length of the Dutch
cycle network is about twenty-two
thousand miles as almost all the way
across the planet 36 percent of people
use bikes as their main mode of
rotation high-speed trains anime/manga
sumo-wrestling
elaborate tea ceremonies what do you
think Japan is number one in it excels
at many things but it also has the most
three-star Michelin restaurants in the
world with 34 of them in total Panama
has the largest shipping fleet in the
world it consists of more than 9000
vessels the country's convenient
geographical location as a gateway
connecting to oceans and good conditions
for ship owners must be the reason for
that in Germany everything is in perfect
order their public transportation system
is impeccable and their trains are
pretty much always on time oh and they
also have over 1500 varieties of bread
oh man give me some dark rye or
pumpernickel San Marino is the only
country in the world where there are
more cars than people it's the number
one in the world for motor vehicles per
capita 1263 automobiles per 1000 people
cote ivoire also known as the Ivory
Coast is the world leader in the
production and export of cocoa beans it
produces 1/3 of the whole world supply
of cocoa in 2017 alone it pumped out 400
billion pounds of the stuff and I think
I ate about half of that before going
inside a building in Japan you can park
and lock your umbrella just like you do
with your bike you can be sure no one
will take it and you won't make a puddle
on the floor if your umbrella is wet
most government buildings offices and
hotels have this sort of umbrella rack
the World Health Organization named
Estonia as one of the countries with the
cleanest air it also has great
conditions for startups with 30 of those
per 100
people picturesque Italy is the country
with the highest number of UNESCO World
Heritage Sites
there are 55 of them all over the place
Italy also has the only active volcanoes
in mainland Europe including the famous
Mount Etna in Sicily the people of
Turkey are the biggest tea lovers in the
world the average person uses 16 pounds
of tea leaves per year that means most
people drink 3 to 5 cups of tea every
day Papua New Guinea has three official
languages which isn't all that
impressive but a total of 832 living
languages are also spoken across its
lands that's the highest number in the
world for one country there are ten
times more camels than koalas in
Australia and as paradoxically as it may
sound this country is also the main
camel supplier for most middle-east
countries Japan has more than 5 million
vending machines mostly because they
save time for people who work late hours
which is a pretty common thing there
Japanese vending machines aren't just
for snacks and soda you can buy
basically anything from live lobsters to
umbrellas in these machines Wow
a lobster vending machine Canadians eat
more macaroni and cheese than any other
nation in the world by the way the very
first cheese and pasta casserole recipe
appeared in Canada already in the 14th
century Greece a hot southern European
country is the third biggest olive oil
producer on the planet but even though
the country produces just 10% of the
world's total its inhabitants consume
huge amounts of this product 10 gallons
per person a year Australian dollar
banknotes have been made of a polymer
which is a special kind of plastic since
1988 Australia was the first country in
the world to introduce polymer money
such notes are more practical since they
stay in good
and for a longer period of time than
paper banknotes police officers in some
Indian states get a bonus if they have a
mustache the idea is that a mustache
makes men more reputable and manly
mm-hmm the difference in the pay rate is
actually only thirty rupees which is
about fifty cents but hey that adds up
over time please tell me something
really cool about the country or town
where you live down to the comments love
to read those hey if you learn something
new today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend
and here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life